original party
What do you think about the moon?
I won’t tell you. You are asking Cheng Yuzhan
shock him
Now that we are here, people from two countries and ten people came to visit us.
We should send someone to try him out
Who to send? Who to send?
Send yourself, I don’t want you to react to someone who has participated in birth and raised a short period of time.
What do you think I should do to you?
Don't worry. Yue Chang, I'm lonely. Taizhen, this killing was successful.
This unknown person, let us have two countries to confer Kerry as soon as the news comes out
Can you calm the people down?
That's heart-warming news
Damn it if it suits you
But this is nameless
A polite son-in-law
if she dies
If politeness takes off, it's time to work hard
This Wuming is the coach after all
What does the coach mean?
The Li family's army is in chaos enough to unite
This little time
Tell me to assemble the army
It will be me then
I really thought that my good country was so angry that I failed Your Majesty.
actual visit
Nameless meaning
They warm up
I really ask the sect to come up with the essence
It turned out that they did it after they were taught
I really want to see what the actual purpose of this is.
Passed by the envoy Wuming
Meet the Emperor of Shang, who are you?